In the previous video,
you were introduced to the four questions that we'll focus on
while working on the remaining steps in the CRISP-DM process.
The next step in the process is about gathering the data
and organizing it in a way that will allow us to answer our questions of interests.
Fortunately for us, Stack Overflow already gathered the data.
However, to answer our questions of interests,
there are still some steps we'll need to perform.
The wrangling process is said to be the most time-consuming,
often taking 80 percent of the data analysis process.
Let's dive in and take a look at what we'll need to
do with some of the data to find the insights.